README.md, before:

![Keycloak](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-misc/blob/main/logo/logo.svg)

![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/keycloak/keycloak?label=latest%20release)
[![OpenSSF Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6818/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6818)
[![CLOMonitor](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://clomonitor.io/api/projects/cncf/keycloak/badge)](https://clomonitor.io/projects/cncf/keycloak)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/keycloak/keycloak/badge)](https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/keycloak/keycloak)
[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/keycloak-operator)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/olm/community-operators/keycloak-operator)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/keycloak/keycloak?style=flat)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/keycloak/keycloak)
[![Translation status](https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/keycloak/svg-badge.svg)](docs/translation.md)

# Open Source Identity and Access Management

Add authentication to applications and secure services with minimum effort. No need to deal with storing users or authenticating users.

Keycloak provides user federation, strong authentication, user management, fine-grained authorization, and more.


## Help and Documentation

* [Documentation](https://www.keycloak.org/documentation.html)
* [User Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/keycloak-user) - Mailing list for help and general questions about Keycloak
* Join [#keycloak](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C056HC17KK9) for general questions, or [#keycloak-dev](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C056XU905S6) on Slack for design and development discussions, by creating an account at [https://slack.cncf.io/](https://slack.cncf.io/).


## Reporting Security Vulnerabilities

If you have found a security vulnerability, please look at the [instructions on how to properly report it](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/security/policy).


## Reporting an issue

If you believe you have discovered a defect in Keycloak, please open [an issue](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues).
Please remember to provide a good summary, description as well as steps to reproduce the issue.


## Getting started

To run Keycloak, download the distribution from our [website](https://www.keycloak.org/downloads.html). Unzip and run:

    bin/kc.[sh|bat] start-dev

Alternatively, you can use the Docker image by running:

    docker run quay.io/keycloak/keycloak start-dev
    
### Using Docker Compose

To run Keycloak and its dependencies (like PostgreSQL) using Docker Compose, navigate to the root of the project and run:

    docker compose up -d

This will start Keycloak and PostgreSQL in detached mode. Keycloak will be accessible at `http://localhost:8080`.

To stop the services, run:

    docker compose down
    
For more details refer to the [Keycloak Documentation](https://www.keycloak.org/documentation.html).


## Building from Source

To build from source, refer to the [building and working with the code base](docs/building.md) guide.


### Testing

To run tests, refer to the [running tests](docs/tests.md) guide.


### Writing Tests

To write tests, refer to the [writing tests](docs/tests-development.md) guide.


## Contributing

Before contributing to Keycloak, please read our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Participation in the Keycloak project is governed by the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

Joining a [community meeting](https://www.keycloak.org/community) is a great way to get involved and help shape the future of Keycloak.

## Other Keycloak Projects

* [Keycloak](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak) - Keycloak Server and Java adapters
* [Keycloak QuickStarts](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-quickstarts) - QuickStarts for getting started with Keycloak
* [Keycloak Node.js Connect](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-nodejs-connect) - Node.js adapter for Keycloak


## License

* [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Commit message:

Docs: Add Keycloak admin console access details
Add instructions for accessing the Keycloak admin console and default administrator credentials to the README.md.

README.md, after:

![Keycloak](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-misc/blob/main/logo/logo.svg)

![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/keycloak/keycloak?label=latest%20release)
[![OpenSSF Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6818/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6818)
[![CLOMonitor](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://clomonitor.io/api/projects/cncf/keycloak/badge)](https://clomonitor.io/projects/cncf/keycloak)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/keycloak/keycloak/badge)](https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/keycloak/keycloak)
[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/keycloak-operator)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/olm/community-operators/keycloak-operator)
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/keycloak/keycloak?style=flat)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/keycloak/keycloak)
[![Translation status](https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/keycloak/svg-badge.svg)](docs/translation.md)

# Open Source Identity and Access Management

Add authentication to applications and secure services with minimum effort. No need to deal with storing users or authenticating users.

Keycloak provides user federation, strong authentication, user management, fine-grained authorization, and more.


## Help and Documentation

* [Documentation](https://www.keycloak.org/documentation.html)
* [User Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/keycloak-user) - Mailing list for help and general questions about Keycloak
* Join [#keycloak](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C056HC17KK9) for general questions, or [#keycloak-dev](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C056XU905S6) on Slack for design and development discussions, by creating an account at [https://slack.cncf.io/](https://slack.cncf.io/).


## Reporting Security Vulnerabilities

If you have found a security vulnerability, please look at the [instructions on how to properly report it](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/security/policy).


## Reporting an issue

If you believe you have discovered a defect in Keycloak, please open [an issue](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues).
Please remember to provide a good summary, description as well as steps to reproduce the issue.


## Getting started

To run Keycloak, download the distribution from our [website](https://www.keycloak.org/downloads.html). Unzip and run:

    bin/kc.[sh|bat] start-dev

Alternatively, you can use the Docker image by running:

    docker run quay.io/keycloak/keycloak start-dev
    
### Using Docker Compose

To run Keycloak and its dependencies (like PostgreSQL) using Docker Compose, navigate to the root of the project and run:

    docker compose up -d

This will start Keycloak and PostgreSQL in detached mode. Keycloak will be accessible at `http://localhost:8080`.

Once Keycloak is running, you can access the Admin Console at `http://localhost:8080/admin`. The default administrator credentials are `admin` for both username and password.

To stop the services, run:

    docker compose down
    
For more details refer to the [Keycloak Documentation](https://www.keycloak.org/documentation.html).


## Building from Source

To build from source, refer to the [building and working with the code base](docs/building.md) guide.


### Testing

To run tests, refer to the [running tests](docs/tests.md) guide.


### Writing Tests

To write tests, refer to the [writing tests](docs/tests-development.md) guide.


## Contributing

Before contributing to Keycloak, please read our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Participation in the Keycloak project is governed by the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

Joining a [community meeting](https://www.keycloak.org/community) is a great way to get involved and help shape the future of Keycloak.

## Other Keycloak Projects

* [Keycloak](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak) - Keycloak Server and Java adapters
* [Keycloak QuickStarts](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-quickstarts) - QuickStarts for getting started with Keycloak
* [Keycloak Node.js Connect](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-nodejs-connect) - Node.js adapter for Keycloak


## License

* [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
